TO INSTALL:

	Simply extract and navigate to project folder in terminal and type make


General Functionalities

Login in and out:

	To login simple click on the login tab to the right and enter your username and password
	To logout simple click on the logout tab anytime during your session.

Searching:
	
	The basic functionality of the search without providing a date ranks the search results based on our systems ranking of importance in the results found in our database. This search ranking only changes when all three of the other fields are filled in. This means you must specify both a start and end date, as well as how you want the results to be displayed (Ascending/Descending order). Failure to fill out any of these fields will result in either no result being displayed, or an error message describing the issue at the top of the screen.
Upon searching, picture thumbnails will be displayed corresponding to each of the records that were returned. Clicking an image enlarges the image in a new page, and to get back to the search results you simply have to hit the "back" button, allowing you to enter a new search or click on another image.

Editing Profile:

	To edit your profile simply click on edit profile tab to the side after logging in, then enter the information you wish to edit and click ok to save. Note that if you are changing your password or email  then new email and password must match the verification password and email. Also for email it must be unique. (meaning no one else is using the email already)
	


Radiologists only

Adding a Record:
	
	To add a record simply fill out the necessary information on the page. The information required consists of patient name, doctor, radiologist, test type, prescribing date, test date, diagnosis, and description. Whereas adding pictures to a record is optional. However, if you wish to attach photos simply check box the attach photo option. Then you will be brought to the upload page. There, user is prompt to continue uploading photos to the same record ultil you press return button. If the return button is pressed you are automatically taken back to add a record page.


Admins Only

Managing Users:

	To manage users, simply click on the manage users and enter a user name, then type in a user name and press enter if you would like to view information on the user. If you would like to change the users information then just press add and modify. When arrived on the designated page, just enter the username and any information you would like to change. Then press add/modify button to change the information. If you would like to delete the user, simply press the delete button with a user name entered.
If the user name entered matches a doctors name, and patient name is entered, then a doctor patient relationship is automatically created, and the same goes for patient name matching the user name and a doctor name is entered.

Viewing Logs:

	To view logs as an administrator, simple type in the diagnosis term and specify the date range you would like from a certain date to another date then press search and the results will be displayed in a table below. Note that only one diagnosis term is allowed to be searched at once.
